Assignment 01 - Making Teams and GitHub Repository
Due 10th Feb 2022 9:00am

Aim:

Create a GitHub repository so that each group member can display their contribution. Secondly this repository will act as a one point access to 
all your assignments and project submissions.  

Task:

    Get together in groups of 5 students. 
    All members are to create a GitHub account if do not have one.
    Group Leader (or any 1 member of the group) should create a GitHub repository by the name, "Ai266-spring22"
    All members should be added to the repository as contributors.
    Create a readme.md file with a table that mentions all the group members with their student ids.
    Below the table each member adds a paragraph about themselves and commit it themselves on GitHub. 
    Only the group leader submits the link to the GitHub repository on LMS.

Reminder: All your future assignments and project submissions will be under this repository.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assignment 1
Solution:

Class ID: 109214, Semester: Spring-2022

        Submitted to Sir Farooq.

        Group Members

Student Id 	Member's Name
62986 	Sheikh Muhammad Ahmad
64174 	Khadija Hameed
63987 	Kamran Raza
64151 	Sarfraz Aslam
13232 	Atif Shahid Qureshi

I am Sheikh Muhammad Ahmad doing MCS from PAF-KIET and working as Network Administrator in Dawn Bread,
If AI was an elective course rather than core course, i still select AI because AI programming is based on commonly used algorithm,
and the real fun is actually creating in models based on the real data. The art of model creation for future predictions and getting 
the accuracy of upwards of 95% is really challenging task. And it is a big achievement for the people who are able to achieve that.AI 
also offers the solution to many problems for which otherwise it is very difficult or nearly impossible.
Traditional functional programming doesn’t offer solution to problems like image recognition, image classification,
product recommendation, autonomous driving etc.

why study computer science?
Studying computer science will help you to develop problem-solving, critical thinking and complex analytical skills.

-----------------------------------------------------------

Name: Atif Shahid Qureshi SID-13232

Why do you study computer science?
I Atif Shahid Qureshi doing MCS from PAF-KIET and working in cargo operations at Gerry Dnata.
I am keen to solve problems by using my I.T skills at my workplace, this motivated me to switch in the field of Computer science and to enhance my skills.

Why do you study Artificial Intelligence?
If AI was an elective course rather than core course, I would prefer to select AI because it helps to solve real world complex problems which cannot be solve
by traditional programming or very tedious to solve. Studying A.I increase many opportunities to apply in real life scenarios.
A.I technologies like chatbots, Google assistant, self-driving cars are really very helpful for the society and improving users’ experience.

-----------------------------------------------------------
Student Name: Sarfraz Aslam Student ID: 64151

My name is sarfraz Aslam Student of MCS from PAF-KIET and also doing job in a software house as Oracle system Analyst responsible for Analysis,development,
implementaion and support Oracle applications.

Why do you study Artificial intelligence? if AI was an elective course.
Because Artificial Intelligence has seemingly endless pontential to improve and simpliy tasks commonly done by humans, including speech recognition,
image processing,business process management, an even the diagnosis o disease.I already technically inclined and have a background in software programming,
i may want to consider a lucrative AI career and know about how to become AI engineer.

-----------------------------------------------------------
Name: Kamran Raza ID: 63987

Why do you study computer science?
I am Kamran Raza enrolled in MCS Program at KIET. I wanted to study Computer science as I like solving problems using my technical and creative skills.
I intially started my education in Commerce field but then I switched to Computer Science as it is what I like and enjoy working.
In addition to that, it is also important for my career progression. Computer Science is a globle field and learning computer science will develop skills
that are beneficial in any career for instance as Analytical and good at problem solving are essential skills now a days.

Why do you study Artificial Intelligence if AI was not a CORE course?
Yes, I would still opt for this course due to my curiosity to learn about this subject and my interest in Big Data. I took BI elective last year as well.
I am keen to learn patterns in dataset and how to analyse big data and drive business strategy using artificial intelligence.

-----------------------------------------------------------
Name: Khadija Hameed ID: 64174

Why do you study computer science? I study computer science because i've always been fascinated by computers and programming too. I enjoy learning programming
from the brginning so i chose computer field to build my career and also as an educational perspective because computer has space for both collaborative work
and individual efforts.

Why do you study Artificial Intelligence if AI was not a CORE course?

If Ai wasn't core I will choose AI as an elective because AI impact on society which is growing rapidly. AI is amazingly interesting study area and
it already has a huge impact on people's daily lives, AI make life easier for all of us in daily and to build career too.

